How did I give her the wrong idea?
How did I let my guard down?
If I see her again, I'll make sure she gets the right message.
In the past, I would have witnessed immediately in a situation like that.
What changed?
I've always been busy, but maybe I've let my busy life start to crowd out the important things.
Like my Bible reading.
That night I did some research, and I found Ephesians chapter 5, verse 25.
Husbands, continue loving your wives, just as the Christ also loved the congregation.
I needed more, though.
Verse 26 stood out to me.
There it says what Jesus does for the congregation.
Cleansing it with a bath of water by means of the Word.
If I'm going to stay morally and spiritually clean,
I need to read God's Word every day.